README.md, before:

# INDEX is a facebook clone built in AdonisJS with a React front end.

# Features include:

    {logging in}
        - log in through facebook and it will pull your information and picture
        - log in with email address and you can choose your own picture
        - if you leave and return you will auto log in quickly
        - google login is coming

    {news feed}
        - posting, commenting, likes handled just like facebook
        - posts can be text, images and videos
        - posts now have link previews with title, image, description if a link is found in the post
        - users can delete posts and comments that they have made themselves
        - websockets are used to update everyone's feeds when any user posts or comments or likes something

    {messenger}
        - you are immediately visible to all online as soon as you log in
        - all online and offline users are visible in your messenger sidebar
        - chat with people just like on facebook
        - chat windows and usernames will flash when a message is received
        - icon will change to let you know you have unread messages from a user
        - easily minimize or close the chat window or hide the entire messenger sidebar
        - your chat history with other users is persistent

    {other}
        - vibrant high contrast dark theme
        - optimized to work smoothly and look just as good on mobile, if not better

    {coming soon}
        - expanded profile page (right now it is there but it's just your picture)
        - groups / pages (they are visible on the left but not functional)
        - news / weather / popular posts at the top of feed
        - linking to posts
        - animations are in the works
        - log in via google
        - post searching
        - infinite scrolling
        - service workers to keep functionality when offline / slow connection
        - ability to choose different themes
        - changing the domain name of course

Commit message:

created a single post page and routes so that posts can be linked to. added a link icon in the header of each post that links to it.

README.md, after:

# INDEX is a facebook clone built in AdonisJS with a React front end.

# Features include:

    {logging in}
        - log in through facebook and it will pull your information and picture
        - log in with email address and you can choose your own picture
        - if you leave and return you will auto log in quickly
        - google login is coming

    {news feed}
        - posting, commenting, likes handled just like facebook
        - posts can be text, images and videos
        - posts now have link previews with title, image, description if a link is found in the post
        - users can delete posts and comments that they have made themselves
        - websockets are used to update everyone's feeds when any user posts or comments or likes something
        - click images to open large view
        - click videos to pause/mute/download/fullscreen
        - click user name to go to poster's profile
        - click link icon to go to individual post page (link to share this post)

    {messenger}
        - you are immediately visible to all online as soon as you log in
        - all online and offline users are visible in your messenger sidebar
        - chat with people just like on facebook
        - chat windows and usernames will flash when a message is received
        - icon will change to let you know you have unread messages from a user
        - easily minimize or close the chat window or hide the entire messenger sidebar
        - your chat history with other users is persistent

    {other}
        - vibrant high contrast dark theme
        - optimized to work smoothly and look just as good on mobile, if not better

    {coming soon}
        - expanded profile page (right now it is there but it's just your picture)
        - groups / pages (they are visible on the left but not functional)
        - news / weather / popular posts at the top of feed
        - notifications
        - animations are in the works
        - log in via google
        - post searching
        - infinite scrolling
        - service workers to keep functionality when offline / slow connection
        - ability to choose different themes
        - changing the domain name of course
